Our ministry is another kind of search and rescue operation,
and we search wherever people can be found.
For example, in the following report,
notice the efforts our brothers made to reach people
living in the remotest areas of Africa.
Jesus made the bold statement at X1, verse 8.
You will be witnesses of me
to the most distant parts of the earth.
This resonates deeply in a country of Namibia.
This warm and beautiful people
are spread across great expanses of dramatic and thirsty land.
The people are not only separated by physical distances,
they also separate by cultures,
ancient traditions,
and historic injustices.
Since a South Africa branch offers overseas
the work in this territory,
we are pleased to assist a group of brothers
from the capital city Vantuk
with a special witnessing trip.
So brothers, our journey will start in Vantuk
and we're going to travel to Humph first.
From there, we're going to go to Tumquay.
We're going to camp in those two places, Hum and Tumquay.
And we may travel a distance of about 1,500 kilometers.
Let's talk safety now.
You want to keep three creatures out of your tent,
animals such as Ahinas, scorpions, and snakes.
Always the pure tent.
Tonets facilities, a method
that most is prescribed for the Israelites.
When we enter the Herrera home,
enter through the side gate.
This is to show respect
because they have areas in their homesteads
that are restricted for ancestor worship.
Also, they don't like being asked direct questions.
It would be better to show them pictures
and let them comment.
The theme scripture first Corinthians 9 verse 22
said, I've become all things
to people of all sorts
so that I might by all possible means
save some.
And that's really the purpose of our trip
giving them a hope for the future.
Brothers and sisters, let's enjoy our trip into the caloric.
So we've been as a family involved
with the Ahinas Antilletry for about 30 years.
You know, just a privilege to bring the truth
to these different cultures.
This is probably the only chance
that they will have in this distant part of the world
to find the truth.
When you talk to them about the truth,
you see how people enjoy listening.
There's something that changes in their eyes.
The joy that we get as a family
from teaching people about how to help us.
It's just incomparable.
Really rejuvenates our ministry.
Welcome to the Meeting for Field Service.
We will see two demonstrations
presenting the good news to a Herrera
and a sand household.
You put that piece of literature in the person's hand
and you feel a sort of peace.
My grandmother came into contact with the witnesses
through an assigned territory.
She moved to the city to attend meetings
and I went with her.
I learned the truth from her
and later we were baptized.
I work in the translation office in Vintok
and now I have a part in the translation
of the literature for people
who live in remote areas like these.
We live very far in the bush.
So I was happy when they came for the first time.
I even asked them who sent you to my place
because this is the right place that you're visiting.
These books help me understand my Bible.
It really helps us also as a family
is seeing Jehovah's creation.
We've been camping here at the Big Bobbub Tree.
I'm sure it's thousands of years old.
Really does show you exactly
how Jehovah feels about every person in his organization.
I mean, if he's willing to send in six vehicles
over 30 brothers just to find one person
in one territory about 600 Ks away from any congregation
then he must have great love
for each person in the congregation.
When Jehovah looks at people or at countries
he doesn't see groups or nationalities
but he sees individuals
and that's really his world
at each individual human being
gets to know him, learn to love him
and have a close relationship with him.
I send speaking witness.
I will be thrilled to speak
to the sent people about God's word
because I've seen how much joy
the truth has brought me.
The old lady we witnessed two years the day
I explained to her that she will also be young
with a fresh skin
and then she was very happy
that she could be young again
and Jehovah is going to make a paradise soon.
It's really nice that we don't overlook the children.
You could really see that even those ones
that were sitting for a
came closer and were seriously watching
the Caleb videos
so it can really touch their little hearts.
I am confident in Jehovah's word of saying
that all the nations will hear the truth
even the sent people
even if they are the last ones to hear the truth
they will hear it.